P004-9	1	鴨脷洲街坊學校	Aplichau Kaifong Primary School	謝嘉樂	TSE Ka-lok	11		小帆船	A Sailing Boat	"海是淡淡的藍，
天是灰灰的藍，
山是深深的藍，
小帆船在一片藍藍的海中航行，十分平靜。
"	"The sea is light blue, the sky greyish blue and the mountain deep blue. 
A sailing boat sails quietly in the blue sea.
"	高楠	KO Nam	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P024-7	2	寶血小學	Precious Blood Primary School	陳湘凝	CHAN Sheung-ying	9		民族舞	Folk Dance	少女們穿上華麗的民族服裝，在台上載歌載舞，喜氣洋洋。台上燈光閃閃，是食鹽混合顏料所產生的特別效果。	A team of girls in splendid national costumes are singing and dancing happily on the stage. The stage lights flash colourfully –  a special effect from blending salt with colours.	周婉怡	CHOW Yuen-yi	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P025-1	3	寶血會嘉靈學校	Ka Ling School of The Precious Blood	朱杰瑜	ZHU Kit-yu	11		珍惜生命—螳螂	Cherish All Beings — Praying Mantis	常言道「螳臂擋車」和「螳螂捕蟬，黃雀在後」。前者說明過度自信易招危險，後者則提示我們要時刻保持警覺。我常以此自勉。	There are two popular Chinese expressions: "A mantis tries to stop a chariot" and "The mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the yellow bird behind". The former reminds us that over-confidence will often get us into trouble, and the latter means it is crucial to be alert all the time. I always remind myself of these.	---	---	立體創作	3-Dimensional Work	
P033-5	4	香港九龍塘基督教中華宣道會陳元喜小學	Christian Alliance H.C. Chan Primary School	向芷欣	HEUNG Tsz-yan	11		綠化城市	Green City	看了一位韓國藝術家的布藝創作，靈機一觸，嘗試以牛仔布創作這幅綠化城市的作品。	Inspired by a piece of fabric artwork created by a Korean artist, I used denim to create this "Green City".	黃家耀	WONG Ka-yiu	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P036-8	5	樂善堂梁銶琚學校	Lok Sin Tong Leung Kau Kui Primary School	吳卓穎	NG Cheuk-wing	10		真我個性	My Character	畫中的線條，有粗有幼，有濃有淡。幼的線條和淡墨，表現我隨和的性格；較粗的線條和濃墨，表現我樂觀、爽朗和堅強的一面。	There are bold and fine as well as thick and light brush strokes in the painting. The fine and light ones reflect my amiable character while the bold and thick ones reflect my optimistic, cheerful and strong attributes.	成慧賢	SHING Wai-yin, Vivian	中國書畫	Chinese Painting and Calligraphy 	
P037-9	6	天水圍天主教小學	Tin Shui Wai Catholic Primary School	招雅頌	CHIU Nga-chung, Angel	9		我的家	My House	桌上放置着一盆美麗的花、水壺、碟子和杯子，而哥哥就正在家中畫畫。這是我很喜愛的情景。	Apart from a beautiful pot of flowers, a flask, several plates and cups on the table, my brother was painting at home. This is my favourite scene.	田偉玲	TIAN Wei-ling 	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P047-3	7	香港四邑商工總會陳南昌紀念學校	HKSYC&IA Chan Nam Chong Memorial School	陳賢臻	CHAN Yin-chun	7		我的金髮朋友	My Friend with Golden Hair	上次課堂，視藝老師給我們不同物料做出線條，我們都玩得很開心。我的朋友留著金頭髮，架上紅色眼鏡，你見過他嗎？	Last lesson, my visual arts teacher brought us different  materials to explore lines. We had great fun. My friend grew golden hair and wore a pair of red glasses. Have you seen him?	蔡德仁	CHOY Tak-yan	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P055-4	8	天水圍官立小學	Tin Shui Wai Government Primary School	沈晴怡	SHUM Ching-yi	9		馬蹄蘭	Calla Lily	我喜歡畫水彩畫, 馬蹄蘭也是我喜愛的花之一。它高佻、 堅強、挺拔。我剛學習繪畫裝飾畫, 便以此來表達「它」。	I like water painting. Calla lily is one of my favourite flowers. It is tall, strong and upright. I have just begun to learn decorative painting, and tried to express "it" in this style.	謝肖娟	TSE Chiu-kuen	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P058-2	9	禮賢會恩慈學校	Rhenish Church Grace School	周敬軒	CHOW King-hin	7		花朵塗鴉	Graffiti Flower	我用了最喜愛的綠色和黃色顏料把背景塗鴉出來，再用印章變成一朵朵色彩鮮艷的花朵，最後送給我最愛的媽媽。	Green and yellow are my favourite colours. I used them to paint the background in a graffiti style. Then I  stamped the beautiful flowers. This is a gift for my beloved mother.	梁潔明	LEUNG Kit-ming	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P062-3	10	嶺南大學香港同學會小學	Lingnan University Alumni Association (HK) Primary School	李恩楠	LI Yan-nam, Matt	7		哈哈動物公園屋	HAHA Zoo	"在哈哈動物公園裡，所有動物可以一起住、一起玩、一起哈哈笑……屋裡有遊戲區、音樂區、風景區、發火區、種樹區……
所有動物可以在動物公園屋裡自由自在地生活！
"	Animals live, play and laugh together in the HAHA Zoo. The zoo consists of a game zone, a music area, scenic spots, a spitfire zone and planting areas. All animals live freely in the zoo.	袁淑穎	YUEN Shuk-wing	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P062-7	11	嶺南大學香港同學會小學	Lingnan University Alumni Association (HK) Primary School	鄭安悠	CHENG On-yau, Kori	11		我認識的深水埗	My Viewpoints on Sham Shui Po	這幅畫表達了深水埗的面貌，內有不同特色的建築物，以及人物動態。我還用了不同的顏色將畫作變得更加色彩繽紛，希望你能感受到深水埗多姿多彩的一面。	This picture shows the unique buildings and people's activities in Sham Shui Po.  I used different colours to make it vibrant. I hope you can feel the diversity of Sham Shui Po.	劉彩霞	LAU Choi-ha	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P062-12	12	嶺南大學香港同學會小學	Lingnan University Alumni Association (HK) Primary School	李紫琳	LEE Tsz-lam	12		紫紙舞蹈者	The Dancing Purple Paper	她的姿態很美，動作輕鬆自在，令人喜愛。	Look at how beautiful her relaxed posture is! How adorable she is!	劉彩霞	LAU Choi-ha	立體創作	3-Dimensional Work	
P062-13	13	嶺南大學香港同學會小學	Lingnan University Alumni Association (HK) Primary School	謝宗希	TSE Chung-hei	9		舊區的形象	Old Districts	舊區裡有很多舊的房屋，而遠處卻有很多新建大廈。我的畫裡有很多有趣的東西，例如：房屋的形狀、屋內發生的事情，還有馬路上的人物等。	The old districts are crowded with old buildings while farther away there are numerous new buildings. There are many interesting aspects in my drawing -  shapes of the buildings, happening in the flats, as well as the people on the streets.	劉彩霞	LAU Choi-ha	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P064-2	14	合一堂學校	Hop Yat Church School	許嵐	HUI Lan	11		高貴的女士	Noble Woman	這是一位外國貴族，其身上的金色和銀色令她添加了一份華麗。我還用了黑玫瑰來襯托，讓作品顯得更為高貴。	This is a foreign noble woman. The gold and silver colours on her body contributed to enhance her splendour. I also used black roses to make the work more elegant.	蔡婉兒	CHOI Yuen-yee	立體創作	3-Dimensional Work	
P070-2	15	匡智翠林晨崗學校	Hong Chi Morninghill School, Tsui Lam	陳樂文	CHAN Lok-man	10		運動員	Sportsman	看！我畫了自己喜歡的偶像─「碧咸」，他是著名的英格蘭球員。我很喜歡看他踢足球。	Look! I drew my idol, David Beckham. He is a famous soccer player in England. I love watching him play the game. 	蕭君寧	SIU Kwan-ning, Gloria	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P072-5	16	蘇浙小學	Kiangsu & Chekiang Primary School	陳弘謙	TAN Hong-qian	8		我的好朋友	My Good Friend	音樂是每個人生活中不可缺少的一部分！我喜愛各種各樣的樂器，它們是我的好朋友。	Music is an essential part of our lives. I like all musical instruments. They are my good friends. 	麥煒輝	MAK Wai-fai	中國書畫	Chinese Painting and Calligraphy 	
P072-7	17	蘇浙小學	Kiangsu & Chekiang Primary School	徐遠恒	XU Yuen-hang	9		恐龍隨手畫	Dinosaur Picture	老師知道我極喜愛恐龍，鼓勵我繪這圖畫，送去參加這次視覺藝術創作賽。	My art teacher knew that I liked dinosaurs very much. She encouraged me to draw a picture of dinosaurs for this art competition.	麥煒輝	MAK Wai-fai	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P077-6	18	天主教聖安德肋小學	St. Andrew's Catholic Primary School	謝嘉穎	TSE Ka-wing	11		我的同學	My Classmate	我模仿馬締斯及畢加索的畫風，以及用了多種色彩去畫出一位正在深思的同學。	I imitated the styles of Matisse and Picasso and used many different colours to paint my classmate in deep thoughts. 	朱麗梅	CHU Lai-mui	平面創作	2-Dimensional Work	
P091-3	19	天主教伍華小學	Ng Wah Catholic Primary School	羅苑瑜	LAW Yuen-yu	11		百年之後…	A Century Later…	到了2115年，香港這個城市還有人居住嗎？答案是沒有。這個地方的人全都到了地下生活去。因為地面已經沒有，甚至不可能再居住了。人們大多都認為地下居住會更優質，不會有天災影響，是一個安全的地方。但，你會願意選擇在這裡居住嗎？	By  2115, will there still be inhabitants in Hong Kong? No. All people here will live underground  because the surface of the Earth will exist no more or become uninhabitable. Most people think that living underground offers a better livelihood which is free from natural disasters and is more safe. But, is that what you want?	李嘉慧 	LEE Ka-wai	立體創作	3-Dimensional Work	
P092-6	20	中華基督教會基順學校	C.C.C. Kei Shun Special School	林卓倫	LAM Cheuk-lun	13		 外星山	Alien Hill	這是一顆住了很多外星人的隕石。	This is a meteorite on which a lot of aliens reside.	吳迪媛	NG Tik-wun, Tracy	中國書畫	Chinese Painting and Calligraphy 	
